okay so i don't really have many good
relationship breakup advice
and i hope i never find out what that is
like because i'd rather not
break up with the one i'm with now
because he's the one
oh i'm sorry okay um here's another
thing ready
ready for this i'm so sick of seeing the
comments
get back together with you know who i'm
not getting back together with him okay
it's over it's done he dumped me
it's gone okay so shut up please because
it hurts me so much
to have to listen to that all the time
okay i was with him for almost two years
and then i just get dumped out of the
blue so
if you want to go hate on me fine if you
want to go hate on him whatever you know
i don't care anymore because i have
had it with you guys okay i never wanted
anything because i wasn't
ready and i didn't know what i was doing
i laid there with my hands over my mouth
so i wouldn't make a noise because i was
crying so hard
and he didn't care i just did what he
wanted
and then there was this person online
that tormented everything i
built on minecraft and he got banned
sure enough i go seek out who this guy
was because i was going to get my
revenge i was
pissed and it turned out to be this guy
called the syndicate project
later he asked me to talk to him on
skype and sure enough we do
and we immediately became friends
and that's all i thought we were going
to be he told me to start making youtube
videos for him
which i thought was kind of odd because
why would i make youtube videos i'm
shy and awkward and quiet and and
it's youtube isn't a place for me but
he wanted them for him so i started
making videos for him
and then you all know now that tom is
not just my friend
he is my boyfriend and he means
absolutely everything to me and um
he's basically the reason why i'm here
today what i mean here i don't mean on
youtube
i don't mean online i mean pretty much
here
in in life december 2012
i came to la we were in the hotel room
and he said that he wanted to
do things and i said no
and he said yes and i said no
and he made me believe that i deserved
it for years
professional cameras
i don't know how professional that is
stop it you're beautiful so now you can
see me
and her because the magic of video
camera
i'm trying so hard i'm sorry i met them
when i was 18 years old
he was my first boyfriend and i didn't
know better
yeah looking for lucky charms and uh
just you know i'm just facetiming so
just in case anyone asks for facetiming
but uh
cereal here we go so yeah we just
thought we do evolve together finally
everyone's been wondering if we are
yes we are had a
big big shocking it you know never would
have guessed never would have guessed
i would try to shower and he would barge
in the bathroom and sit on the toilet
and open the door because he wanted to
watch and i asked him not to because it
made me uncomfortable
and he argued with me that he wanted to
see
and i said please leave and so i tried
to wrap myself in a towel
and he ripped the towel out of my hands
and so i grabbed another towel and he
ripped that out of my hands
so i grabbed another towel and held onto
it
as hard as i could and wrapped myself in
it while the shower was still going
and he sat there just smirking
i'm joined with kate we're at the uh
we're at the zoo and all day we've been
walking around and kate's wanting to see
pandas i'll show i'll show you like
what's up i'll show you what we're
looking at
what it's been a good trip i've enjoyed
it and um
i go this i've got last day here
tomorrow and then um that's it i'm done
i'm flying back to england
i'm leaving you forever forever around
mustafa but he wouldn't let go of my
ankles and he kept
he kept pulling me across the bed and he
told me to be quiet and just take it
i said no so why didn't he stop
he said you're supposed to want this
you're supposed to like this i'd rather
not
break up with the one i'm with now
because he's the one
oh i'm sorry okay um he dumped me it's
gone okay
so shut up please because it hurts me so
much
to have to listen to that all the time
okay i was with him for almost two years
and then i just get dumped out of the
blue he means absolutely everything to
me
and um he's basically the reason why i'm
here today
what i mean here i don't mean on youtube
i don't mean online i mean
pretty much here in in life the thing is
to us i don't have receipts
i don't have proof because i thought i
thought that was normal
please understand
there are people uncountable in the
millions
who turn on the internet and tune in
every day
to judge someone to take someone's soul
and put it in the balance and decide
whether they're good bad or indifferent
and for the most part they seem to enjoy
pointing the finger
and judging someone to be very bad and
these people
in their millions for the most part
they think in terms of true and false
good and evil right and wrong
also sometimes the difference between
proven
and unproven allegations
but you know when you deal with gossip
allegations and accusations about
people's
personal lives intimate lives very often
you're dealing with things that are true
but nevertheless unreasonable stated in
an unreasonable
way the way in which this young woman
told her story was to emphasize again
and again
that she was only 18 years old that she
was a mixed-up kid
who didn't know what she wanted who
didn't know how to handle
being in a an adult relationship
and she implies that by contrast the
young man she was with was somehow
older more mature more dominant and more
commanding
and as you can see when you just refer
to film clips at the time
what she's failing to mention again and
again is that he also was
18 years old and later 19 years old
he also was a mixed up kid who didn't
know
what he was doing an anecdote
like the one she tells about him
insisting on
watching her naked in the shower and him
taking the towel away from her
that may be very immature
it may even be evil i mean i don't
really sympathize with this kid i don't
give a damn i have no reason to
i have no reason to anything positive
with this kid but
sure for an 18 year old or 19 year old
boy
who is sharing a hotel room with his
girlfriend
it may be stupid it may be awful
but the nature of that crime taken out
of
context and presented the internet by a
weeping
young woman in this very dramatic very
one-sided way
it's going to have a damning and
damaging effect
far out of proportion to the sneering
behavior that she describes in this
young man and so i grabbed another towel
and he ripped that out of my hands
so i grabbed another towel and held onto
it
as hard as i could and wrapped myself in
it while the shower was still going
and he sat there just smirking
we're moving into a period of time here
in the 21st century
when you may have co-workers
who are selling nude pictures themselves
on the internet you may work
i don't know a normal job an office job
you may work as a school teacher
and there are other school teachers or
the secretary or something
who also has an only fans account or an
instagram account and
has nude pictures of themselves the
internet or is doing porn in their spare
time
you may know all kinds of things with
other people's personal lives and their
sex lives
and you may have co-workers you may have
colleagues you may have friends and
there are
terrible stories on the internet about
what they did with their
ex-girlfriend back when they were 18
years old or their
breakup with their ex-wife when they
were 30 years old there may be
stories of this kind and they may be
told by the person
himself or herself right it may not be
from the ex-girlfriend or ex-boyfriend
but they may be sitting on the internet
and reflecting on
what went wrong in their marriage wrong
in their relationship
uh so on and so forth so a type of
information that
formerly just floated around as a rumor
and innuendo that people might hear
at the bar they might hear at the water
cooler
is now set down in indelible inc on the
internet
and is presented in these edited
and emotive performances on youtube
i have absolutely no reason to think
this young man
tom tom syndicate i have no reason to
think he's innocent i have no reason
that he's a good person
uh for various reasons i'm actually
quite strongly
biased against him
however we have to ask herself as never
before
what is justice
in this case for this young man let's
just suppose
every single thing his ex-girlfriend
said is the truth
let's say the thing with the towel
happened let's say all the vague
innuendo let's just let's just
hypothetically ask what if each and
everything
she said was true but we acknowledge
that she is completely omitting his side
of the story she's not presenting it in
a kind of reasonable or balanced way but
we can use her own imagination too to
fill in it
eight years after the fact and given
that we also have all these videos
of her saying how passionately she was
in love with him how she continued
to be in love with him after this one
night in a hotel that went so badly
and the fact that he dumped her she
didn't dump him and then she
you know wasn't bittered and still given
the whole arc
and given that eight years have passed
what now is justice
what would justice mean in relation to
this young man
and what he did even if we could
treat this young woman as a
100 percent unbiased witness
to the evils of her own ex-boyfriend
i mean really people like to disrespect
my crew but the fact is that you know my
name and
i don't know you